# Design-and-Development-of-Robotic-Arm-to-Print-Objects-Using-Point-Detection.
This Project discusses the design and realization of complex 3-axis Robotic Arm based on the microcontroller which combined with spindle drill. This machine can be used for Cutting, Engraving and Marking on wood, acrylic and PCB objects.   Robotic Arm has not been developed so that they are imported directly from another country. This has an impact on the industry that is difficult to develop because of the price of Robotic Arm still expensive. The challenge is how to make Robotic Arm with good performance but low cost so that it can contribute to the acceleration of domestic manufacture industry.  The software portion of a computer numerical control system must consist of at least of three major programs: a part program, a service program, and a control program. The part program contains the geometry description of the part being produced and the cutting conditions such as spindle speed and federate.  Design picture that has been made on the PC sent to the microcontroller using serial communication then Robotic Arm perform an execution on an object according to point coordinates. Drill spindles will create patterns on objects automatically according to the design drawings. After testing, the Robotic Arm can be used for cutting, engraving and marking on wood, acrylic, and PCB to 2D objects with 96% of carving accuracy and 100% of depth accuracy. This machine works on an object with a maximum size of 28cm x 21cm.  In this paper, we have used the concept of low cost mini Robotic Arm plotter machine, which is easily controlled by a computer and suddenly stop and paused by click action on the computer. By using this we have to make Difficult and Complex Design in the paper. This is a small machine which is easily Transportable and Assembled everywhere on Requirement of it. Stepper Motor will be run on in these criteria of bed size. If we have increased the size or length of the lead screw, it will be free to make the big size of design in the paper. We have used G-codes to give the command. G-codes are language to give the command to the machine to move right, left or up and down. On the successful work of this machine, we have some change on it and make it commercial used and applying tools for cutting, grinding of soft material etc.
